DOC: Add zorder example to docs (#1228)
geopandas/geopandas: doc/source/mapping.rst

    @savefig capitals_over_countries_2.png
    plt.show();

Control the order of multiple layers in a plot

> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer: ```suggestion
----------------------------------------------
```

This is the correct one :).

> When plotting multiple layers, use zorder to take control of the order of layers being rendered. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When plotting multiple layers, use ``zorder`` to take control of the order of layers being plotted. 
```

> Lower the zorder, lower the layer is on the map and vice versa 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The lower the ``zorder`` is, the lower the layer is on the map and vice versa.
```

> Without zorder cities gets plotted below world

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Without specified ``zorder``, cities (Points) gets plotted below world (Polygons), following the default order based on geometry types.
```

.. ipython:: python

    ax = cities.plot(color='k')
    world.plot(ax=ax)

> We can set the zorder of cities higher than world so that it's on top 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can set the ``zorder`` for cities higher than for world to move it of top.
```
